[Music]
ever have an embarrassing moment when
you're alone in the room with another
person and there's that awkward silence
between you well you don't have to worry
about experiencing anything like that
anymore because now you can use any of
these cool facts as an icebreaker
Facebook once created two AI chat BOTS
that could talk to each other but this
experiment had to be shut down soon
after the chat BOTS started to
communicate in a language no one but
them could understand hmm
coffee taster Janeiro policia works for
Kosta coffee and has his tongue insured
for 13 million bucks
the man states that his taste buds are
crucial for his profession since they
allow him to pick up thousands of
flavors I'll bet tongues are wagging
about this if you want to express irony
or sarcasm in your message you can use a
special punctuation mark which looks
like a backward question mark maybe draw
it out for them you know back when Dai
notes were roaming our planet volcanoes
were still erupting on the moon not sure
of the connection here but hey try it
when Queen Elizabeth visited the set of
Game of Thrones she refused to sit on
the now legendary chair apparently the
Queen just can't sit on any throne she
likes foreign Thrones are off-limits
even if it's only fictional according to
the 2010 census ma knowing a small town
in Nebraska has a population of what the
only female inhabitant of the place is
the mayor librarian and bartender all at
once hey give me another drink your
honor along with that book in 2006 a
worker of the coca-cola company was
trying to sell the newest development of
her employer to one of its main
competitors Pepsi but Pepsi responded by
informing coca-cola about the incident
yep when it comes to the law never
violate a writ of habeus colas the
Canadians are so polite and say sorry so
often that the country has passed a law
stating that
can't be considered as an admission of
guilt in court sorry about that
researchers have discovered that
mysterious Pacific sleeper sharks live
in an underwater volcano called kavagi
not far from the Solomon Islands to
learn more about them scientists have to
send in robots because people can't
stand the heat and acidity of the
environment crocodiles are unlucky
animals which can't stick their tongues
out because they're attached to the
roofs of their mouths but the alligators
the closest relatives of crocodiles can
do it without any problems in 2009
Stephen Hawking organized a party for
Time Traveller's but he didn't announce
the event in advance to make sure that
each person who arrives at the party is
really from the future unfortunately no
time travelers turned up if you heat a
magnet up to 176 degrees Fahrenheit
it'll lose its magnetism well that's not
very attractive sunflowers can clean
radioactive soil that's why the Japanese
government has given more than 10,000
packages of sunflower seeds to the
inhabitants of Fukushima and asked them
to grow them ever wonder why bananas are
curved no it's because instead of
growing toward the ground they grow
toward the Sun this means they have to
fight against gravity which explains the
fruits curved shape in 2016 a huge swarm
of 20,000 bees was following a woman's
car for two days in a row because their
queen was trapped inside when the woman
parked the car on the first day the bees
immediately got inside and beekeepers
had to get them out but the next day the
bees returned because the Queen was
still stuck inside more than 75 percent
of the world's food is made from only
five animal species and twelve plants
and although people know about 250,000
to 300,000 edible plants they use only
150 to 200 of them picky picky if you
cut down a saguaro cactus in Arizona
chances are high that you'll spend the
next 25 years of your life in jail and
that can get a little prickly well
hunting stones which are weasel like
mammals jump spin twist and perform
crazy tricks to attract rabbits
attention such movements hypnotize
rabbits allowing the stoats to get close
enough to attack when movie trailers
first appeared they were shown after the
movie finished it's actually the reason
why they were called trailers but since
the audience rarely stayed to watch them
till the end making them ineffective
they started to show them before the
movie squids and octopuses have beaks
these beaks are made of keratin just
like your fingernails or birds beats the
average man gets bored after 26 minutes
of shopping while the average woman can
spend 2 hours on the same activity until
she feels like giving up the first motel
in the world was opened in 1925 in San
Luis Obispo at that time you had to pay
a buck 25 for a bungalow with two rooms
a kitchen and a private garage both at
times you think they'll offer that same
price to celebrate their 100th
anniversary coming up in 2025
nope they closed in 1991 as research
shows Americans don't think that
millionaires who own only 1 million
dollars are wealthy to be considered
rich a millionaire should have at least
2.4 million dollars
really approximately 40% of all the gold
ever mined on earth has come from one
place Witwatersrand Plateau in South
Africa it's the richest gold field ever
discovered
sea otters especially moms in their pups
sleep holding each other's hands so they
don't drift away from each other at
night and if a sea otter doesn't have
anyone to hold on to it just wraps
itself in kelp the Milky Way galaxy
which is our home galaxy is one hundred
five thousand seven hundred light-years
wide how astonishing is that considering
one light year is the distance which
light covers in a year moving at a speed
of more than 186,000 miles per second um
you do the math although very small and
fragile ladybugs emit a unique smell we
humans are super sensitive to lions can
roar 25 times louder than a working gas
powered lawnmower and you can hear their
roar from five miles away if you hear a
lion roar from any closer I'd get out of
there with more than 1200 tornadoes
every year the US has the largest number
of tornadoes in the world but Britain
surprise surprise is the country that
experiences the most tornadoes per
square mile
hey what do you call that a Brit twister
leave your vote down in the comments
Venus and Mercury are the only planets
in the solar system that don't have any
moons in total there are 176 moons
orbiting the planets of our solar system
with some of them being even bigger than
mercury itself pirates didn't wear
earrings to look pretty but because they
believed it protected them from bad
eyesight blindness seasickness and even
drowning also they used to call them our
rigs no I made that up the mountains on
Venus are covered with a snow like metal
similar to frost icebreaker hmm maybe
the first alarm clock was invented in
1787 but it could only ring at 4:00 a.m.
it took several decades to create an
alarm clock that could go off at the
time you needed
the Sun weighs approximately 330,000
times more than earth plus it's so huge
that you could fit our planet inside of
it 1 million three hundred thousand
times and think of this the Sun contains
99.85% of all the mass in our solar
system one of Saturn's moons and settle
us has such an icy surface that it
reflects more than 90 percent of the
sun's light that's the reason why this
moon is incredibly cold
- 394 degrees Fahrenheit in Silicon
Valley there's a statue of Nikola Tesla
a Serbian American engineer and inventor
this statue radiates free Wi-Fi as an
homage to Tesla's vision of a wireless
communication now it's illegal to own
just one guinea pig in Switzerland since
these animals are very social being
alone
is considered to be bad for their health
your sense of smell makes up 80% of your
sense of taste that's why if your nose
is stuffy an onion a potato and an apple
will taste the same to you not only
people can be left or right-handed it
turns out that the majority of female
cats use mostly their right paw while
males are likely to be left pawed my paw
could use either hand tic tacs got their
name because of the sound they made
while being tossed around in their
plastic container the highest mountain
in the solar system that people know
about is olympus mons on Mars
its peak reaches 16 miles high which
makes the monstrosity three times taller
than Mount Everest plus the Martian
Mountain occupies a huge territory of
about 120,000 square miles which is even
bigger than the state of Arizona almost
95% of people prefer to text things they
don't have the courage to say in person
cowards
a bolt of lightning can get five times
hotter than the surface of the Sun and
reach a temperature of 50 3540 degrees
Fahrenheit
hey I got a thermometer let's measure it
kangaroos can't hop if their tail is
lifted off the ground
apparently they use this mighty
appendage for balance and once they
can't use it they just fall over and
that's your tail tip for the day now do
you have a habit of buying too many
books piling them up in your house and
never reading them the Japanese have a
special word for that son Duke of your
brain fibers lose almost ten percent of
their total length every 10 years and if
you get extremely stressed they can
shrink even more hey I like that excuse
snakes can help people predict
earthquakes they can not only feel an
approaching natural disaster from almost
75 miles away but also sense it up to
five days before it happens wow there's
a whole lot of sneaking going on in
their lifetime the average person will
walk about 110,000 miles which is
equivalent to almost five times around
the planet then they have to find their
way back home
on April 18 1930 a BBC radio announcer
honestly said there is no news instead
piano music was playing during that
uneventful day boy if only they'd do
that now Nepal has the most mathematical
flag in the world even better the
country has a separate article in its
constitution which describes the steps
of drawing such a flag finally this
bonus the term icebreaker comes from the
technique used on the Titanic in the
first-class section to help the rich and
famous start conversations among
themselves without much effort no I
actually made all that up but you can
still use it really you'll probably even
get a laugh from a perfect stranger
which counts as a twofer hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share with a friend and
here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy just click to the left or
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life